Add kosher certificate template (#48)
Dibasic/SS13PaperworkSimulator: templates/service/kosher.txt

[hr][center]

> [small]With gods help

Reviewer: Capitalize "God" here; proper noun.

Reviewer: Ignore; redundancy of above and I'm bad.

> [small]With gods help

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[small]With God's help
```

> [table][row][cell]Kosher Department[cell][solcrest][cell]Sector Rabbinate[/table][/small]

Reviewer 2: Who would be using this? The Torch is in mostly uncharted space, so there's probably not a local rabbinate. If the Chaplain would, then maybe this language should be changed.

Author: Yeah, that's the idea. The Chaplain would use this.
The content was taken from IRL kosher certificates, so the language is from there.
Perhaps should ask a lore dev about how this would be structured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
Let's cut this to make it able to be used for either purpose.

[large][b]Kosher Certificate[/b][/large]
[/center]

Type of Kosher: [b][field][/b]
We hereby certify the following: [b][field][/b]

> Which is owned by: [b][field][/b]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Located at: [b][field][/b]
```

> Located at: [b][field][/b]

Reviewer 2: Swap this with the line above imo
The following:
Located at:
Which is owned by:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Owned by: [b][field][/b]
```

From stardate [b][date][/b] to stardate [b][field][/b]
[small]
[center][u]Note the expiry date[/u][/center]
Do noy copy this certificate.

> [list][*]Certificate will expire at the stardate stated above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[list][*]This certificate will expire at the stardate listed above.
```

> [*]This certificate is the sole property of the sector rabbinate, and it's in the power to revoke it at its discretion.

Reviewer: and **it is** in the **its**
kind of janky wording in here; ideally official documents don't have contractions.

> [*]This certificate is the sole property of the sector rabbinate, and it's in the power to revoke it at its discretion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[*]This certificate is the sole property of the listed rabbinate. It is in the power of that rabbinate to revoke this certificate at its discretion.
```

[*]All products sold from various sources are certified by local rabbinates.
[*]Unsigned certificates are expired.[/list]

> The public is requested to report any violations to [b][field][/b].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The public is requested to report any violations to their local rabbinate.
```
Would just anonymize this, makes it seem like it's a form that's more generic which is good imo
